Space Doughnuts - The Most Delicious Shop in the Universe

Welcome to Space Doughnuts

The most delicious shop in the Universe

About Space Doughnuts

When our spaceship landed at the bottom of the Icing Sugar Valley in the north quadrant of what was once the Saccharine galactic cluster, setting up shop was a no-brainer. Our cosy cosmic creation is a stunning light to see from afar, shimmering and shining like a supernova. Our staff are strange and friendly with tentacles to serve you and eyes that glow like stars.

Located at a major artery through the Saccharine Galactic Cluster, Space Doughnuts is both popular and convenient. The drive-through line is always packed with travellers from every corner of the galaxy, eager to get their hands on these incredible treats. Our tetra-tentacled staff are ready to please and ensure the line moves at incredible speed. During extraterrestrial rush hour, pre-order through the Exoplanet Eats app, and you won’t even have to drop out of warp drive to collect your delicious doughnut delivery. Light speed is our speed!

Dine In

Whether you’re from the Crab Nebula, short-waving from Nova Centauri, or as far away as the Big Bang, our force field of alien parking attendants can valet park your spacecraft and encourage each of you to try our eclectic collection of death-defying doughnuts. If you’re looking for the perfect way to top off a day of intergalactic shopping at Proxima Centaurigate or 14-Andromedae-B Westfield, the vibrant atmosphere and sensational flavours of Space Doughnuts will fill that hole in whatever it is your species calls a stomach.

Inside our shop, the atmosphere is cosy and inviting, with space-themed decor and an interstellar ambience. Relax in the lounge and savour your sweet snacks alongside a steaming cup of extraterrestrial espresso. With stunning views of the whole galactic cluster, you can watch suns go down alongside supernova explosions and the consumption of adjacent galaxies by a local black hole.

Menu

Alien Invasion

Packed with ectoplasm from a rare plant growing only on a little-known planet called Earth, this doughnut is iced with real alien slime.

§8 each or §70 per dozen<

Quantum Foam Freche

Our crowd-pleaser extraordinaire, this doughnut has a bubbly, fizzy texture made from a fallacious future foam derivative extracted from the fabric of the universe itself.

§15 each or §135 per dozen

Asteroid Crumbcake

A dense doughnut with a crumbly texture garnished with asteroid chunks from the G456-B galaxy, this creation is a favourite of the Belters.

§10 each or §100 per dozen

Solar Flare

This spicy and fiery doughnut is made from radioactive particles and coated in a red-hot glaze, inspired by the intense heat of a solar flare.

§10 each or §100 per dozen

Titan Toffee

Flavoured with a corrugated caramel and topped with a Jovian dust frosting, this doughnut is finished with swirls of Titan ice cream.

§12 each or §100 per dozen

Venusian Volcano

A doughnut with a molten lava filling made of Venusian minerals and glazed with a supersweet sulfurous icing.

§10 each or §100 per dozen

A Beacon in Space

As the Crab Nebula sets behind the Saccharine galactic cluster, the blazing lights of Space Doughnuts continue to shine, a beacon of warmth and welcome amidst the vast and unfathomable void of space.

2024 Space Doughnuts. All rights reserved across the galaxy.